>> Maximiliano Firtman: It's time for
a recap of this whole workshop.
We've seen the difference between
JavaScript and ECMAScript, so
now we understand the differences.
Okay, JavaScript is a trademark.
They're kind of the same thing, but
JavaScript is the trademark and
ECMAScript is the legal and also the spec
term and the one that we version.
So we know that now we are versioning
ECMAScript every year.
We're not really following along, okay?
So watching this year, okay, but every
once in a while we check, this is new,
we can start using it.
Sometimes we don't wait for browsers to
implement that because we use transpilers,
we mentioned that.
Remember that most of the time we
are talking about syntax sugar,
that means it's something that can
be emulated for older browsers.
So it's not a complete different
architecture of the language.
It's just JavaScript in the browser,
JavaScript in node.
And then it may depend on
the APIs that you're using, but
not in the core language if
something really changes.
We've seen transpilers.
If you use a transpiler, you can just
use ES2034, ES2038 when it appeared.
And it will transpile
to something that you
can ship to browsers
that every users can use.
We covered the ES6 Review,
everything that is ES6.
And for the rest some language
enhancements, for strings,
for objects, class syntax.
The private class static methods and
properties that you can define
on the class, collections and arrays,
recover weeks, sets, week set, map.
All these new ways that we
have to deal with arrays,
such as two sort of instead of sort.
Async programming, we mentioned promises,
we mentioned async await.
The top level async await, and
now recently some advanced topics.
So that's actually the current state of
ECMAScript and the JavaScript language.
So I hope you can start using
some of these features.
The new operators working with NULS
will make our life easier probably.
Okay, well, thank you.
>> Speaker 2: [APPLAUSE]